and street fucking anyway nobody
respects the classification already arrived by
who cried after a long time
you are scrap the society will be
witnesses to the sequel to the game that
turned the fags into men
of hair on chest prepare gilberto
this is saints row the quads only
4 ignorant god says what kind of bad
joke is this is no joke
it's just the sequel to the biggest
title seen in the story of not me
come with Chinese stories in the game
previous fight with super mobsters
powerful fighters of the wwf and now
I have to face something so illogical
and overexploited like the aliens
it's me the games are getting worse
I do not remember asking for your opinion and
of course not
if so, do you think this would exist
junk game do not waste my life
social doing this game so that I
come to make a face of you and how bad you
I will prove that this piece of art is the
cornerstone in the world of games
trash
I do not know brother I think that post and
what does call of duty have?
nice inventory design I wonder
who was plagiarized to johan those are
looks that kill god x if I go to
have to use this type of weapons such
Once the game is not so bad or the same
Everyday shit but the
fun does not end here ah no
I do not know what this is but I like it
percent I can not stop anymore I can not
stop I have found you the weapon of
massive destruction more electronically
powerful on this planet but how do you
I put mute I do not want to hear anymore
come out the ears
I swear I will not use that again
live
I will pass by ignoring completely
that building disintegrating without reason
it seems clear that there is reason in saints
row nothing happens because he is given the
gift won ' wow did you do a verse and
without any effort there is only one
logical reason for that aliens worth
imbeciles I hope that at least the
decent personalization that believes it
sir we have strength of defense shot
cover extra table auto repair
freedom of 'trans' fats polyester
acid self-adhesive is that perhaps not
there are normal people in this damn
game there are weapons that can be bought at
foot others on horseback others steal them as
good Chilean for all the others there
mastercard ball sack I can not see
nothing more than your cheap advertising but
Wadding fuck me tennis that is rolling
I already told you in this saints row
you face extraterrestrial
Sadomasochistic interior space
I ended my luck calm we're going to
record in wheeler and if you take care
passed to our guts without
pain you're just a damn insect
look who speaks about the creation's waste
of God
they're just a waste of space in the
universe that I'm going to do right now
look like a huge europsy robots
compact that shit would have smoked already
but all the iron man units are
escaped from is multiple horrible movie
do not say invisibility is a video
with his disk and metallic suit and disk
Metal cock have no point
comparison with me
that we endorse dog shit
I really do not know why I want more
silver
yes up here literally silver every
gold coin when nobody is me
Looking at I have serious problems
you know you did it in narrator this
after all it's a great game and
thanks to you I just realized
the shit that I created I'm
completely ready to erase this
game aberration from the face of the
earth but before I'll show you the last
and more important characteristic of
next saints row and that's the
incorporation of powers
supercalifragilísticoespialidoso or with
che your mother no mames are a lot of
truths now yes they went to the pig
with surrealism
wait this is not so bad now I have
everything under control now I do not have all the
control not now
now
all the fucking jajajajaja
Hahaha
even for dad
please I have thousands to create that
I would feed low and you also want a
little but
keep trying even though the
ride like I want fucking members of
space
is that there is no one in this
battered parody of the land that
have the balls or cock size
building to be able to fight with me have
Be careful what you want
because it could come true
cool
no no
64 manu already pay '
that will conveniently be released a month
before gta 5 hehehe